Remove web Icon (#489)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/icons/README.md

# Icons

> Use as simple SVG element to display an icon from our icon set. This icon set is
> exported from Supernova into separate `spirit-icons` package. There is sprite available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spirit icon set is exported from Supernova into standalone [`spirit-icons`](icons) package.
Icons are available both as SVG symbols and individual SVG files.

The preferred way to display an icon from Spirit icon set is to use the `<svg>` element:

```html
<svg width="24" height="24" aria-hidden="true">
  <use xlink:href="/icons/svg/sprite.svg#warning" />
</svg>
```

[icons]: https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/tree/main/packages/icons
```
